Fix magnifier touch input (#20612)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

  * Windows 11 Voice Access
* The inability to read User Account Control (UAC) screens when trying to start an application with administrative privileges.
* The inability to support input from a touchscreen.

> If the NVDA magnifier is enabled, touchscreen input will not work correctly.

Reviewer: This is still the case.

Author: what do you mean?

Author: Does this rephrase clear things up?

```suggestion
Additionally, if the NVDA magnifier is enabled, touchscreen input will not map correctly.
```

Reviewer: > what do you mean?

NVM, misread this as a removal not an addition.
